making token-exchange the default behaviour for embedded apps (#2356)
Shopify/shopify-app-js: .changeset/fresh-terms-taste.md

---
'@shopify/shopify-app-remix': major
---

> Refactored to set tokenExchange as default strategy for embedded apps to retrieve access tokenn by replacing unstable_newEmbeddedAuthStrategy with disableTokenExchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refactored to set token exchange as default strategy for embedded apps to retrieve access tokens by replacing unstable_newEmbeddedAuthStrategy with disableTokenExchange.
```
